Banshee Arrow
Very Rare Ammunition (Longbow, Shortbow)
Shrieking Shot. After this arrow has traveled at least 15ft. when it is shot from a bow, it starts making a deafening sound akin to a high pitched scream. All creatures within 10ft. of the path the arrow travels have to make a Constituation saving throw (DC 12). On a failed save they take 3d6+3 psychic damage and are Deafened until the end of their next turn. On a successful save they only take half damage. The sound the arrow produces can be heard from up to 3000ft away and stops producing sound when it comes to a halt.

Big Game Hunter's Arrow
Uncommon Ammunition (Longbow, shortbow)
Hunter's Favorite. Attacks you make with this arrow against large or larger sized Beasts and Monstrosities recieve a +3 to attack rolls and an extra 2d4 piercing damage.

Bola Arrow
Uncommon Ammunition (Longbow)
Tangled and Bruised. This arrow deals an extra 1d4 bludgeoning damage on a successful attack. If the target is a Medium or small creature, they have to make a Dexterity saving throw (DC 13) on a failed save they become restrained. A creature can attempt to snap the cords to break free with a successful Strength check (DC 14). It can also attempt to untangle them by spending an action to make an Investigation check (DC 12). The creature can then use a bonus action to untangle the cords.

Distilled Acid Arrow
Rare Ammunition (Shortbow, Longbow)
Vile Concontion. This arrow deals a normal amount of piercing damage depending on which bow it is shot from. On a successful hit the glass receptacle breaks, spilling acid on the target. The target takes 1d6 acid damage
Acidic Vapors. If this arrow is shot into a fire or open flame and the acid spills it evaporates in a 10ft. radius. All creatures in the radius have to make a Constitution saving throw (DC 12). On a failed save a creature takes 3d4 acid damage. On a successful save they take half damage.

Grapple Arrow.
Common Ammunition (Longbow, shortbow)
Hooked. When you make a successful attack using this arrwo it logdges into your target and grabs into it with metal hooks dealing an extra 1d4 damage.
Ropeshot. You can attack up to 90 ft. of rope to this arrow without affecting the shot. If you successfully attack a Huge or smaller creature with this arrow, anyone ajacent to the rope can attempt to Grapple them with an opposed Athletics check. You can choose to climb the rope. If the arrow holds your weight, the Athletics DC for the climb and and (dis)advantage are at the DM's discretion.

Injection Arrow
Uncommon Ammunition (longbow, shortbow)
Thin Needle.
